[Scrollable] Add imperative handle to Scrollable Component to allow programmatic scrolling (#8555)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/beige-seas-cough.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> [Scrollable] Add a forward ref imperative handler to permit programattic scrolling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a forward `ref` to permit programmatic scrolling for `Scrollable` (example: `scrollRef.current?.scrollTo(0)`)
```
